#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via mkdocs-material
comm==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
idna==3.4
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   markdown
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.25.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
ipython==8.14.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
jsonschema==4.18.6
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupytext==1.15.0
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
markdown==3.4.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via jupytext
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via mkdocs
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mkdocs==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-jupyter==0.24.2
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.1.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via mkdocs-jupyter
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   mkdocs
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via mkdocs
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   mkdocs
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipython
    #   mkdocs-jupyter
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   nbconvert
pymdown-extensions==10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   ghp-import
    #   jupyter-client
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mkdocs
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via mkdocs
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.6.3
    # via mkdocs-material
requests==2.31.0
    # via mkdocs-material
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via ipython
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via mkdocs
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
zipp==3.16.2
    # via importlib-metadata
